# Intelligent terrain generation considering global information and terrain patterns

       Simulated terrains can provide rich information for landform and terrain research, disaster prediction, 

rescue and disaster relief, and national security. Quickly generating an accurate simulated terrain for 

target areas is of great importance. However, for existing data-driven terrain generation methods, it is 

difficult to balance modeling accuracy and the amount of data required. To overcome this gap, this study 

proposes a deep learning method that integrates global information and pattern features of the local 

terrain (IGPN) to realize terrain generation. In our proposed IGPN method, we first apply both terrain 

patterns (ridge line and drainage line) and elevation points as input data; thus, the terrain features 

(i.e., channel and peak) and elevation of the target terrain can be provided. The local information 

extraction module (LIEM) and global information extraction module (GIEM) are then applied to generate 

local and global terrain features, respectively. Thus, global and local terrain features can be supplemented,

and a more accurate terrain can be generated. Experiments show that the IGPN method performs state-of-the-art

terrain-generation tasks. Specifically, compared with existing terrain generation methods (IETA, SRResNet, 

Bicubic, Kriging, FEN, and ERFFN), the terrain generated by IGPN is closer to the real terrain and can retain

more local terrain features. 

Keywords: Simulated terrain; local information; Kriging; terrain features; elevation point

Code availability section

Name of the code: Terrain Generation.

Contact: mxc@cug.edu.cn

Program language: Python.

Software required: Python 3.8, TensorFlow 2.0, pykrige.ok library.

The source codes are available for downloading at the link:

https://github.com/MXCCUG/Terrain-generation

Data availability

The data are available (https://figshare.com/s/a61678f0df2df498abf0).


This is a Tensorflow implementation of the paper Intelligent terrain generation considering global information and terrain patterns.

We have provided the trained IGPN model (in checkpoint) in this paper (section 3), and you can test it with the Generate terrain_v8_for_test.py.

In addition, we have also shared all the used dataset in our paper, and you can also train your model with the Generate terrain_v8_for_train.py by setting your local data path.

If you have any question, please contact the corresponding author.

Thanks for your attention!




